Add "Send CORS Preflights for Private Network Access" (#1727)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/site-impacting-changes.md

| Block mixed content downloads | v94 | | Downloading of files from HTTP URLs will be blocked on HTTPS pages.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see the [Google security blog entry](https://security.googleblog.com/2020/02/protecting-users-from-insecure_6.html). |
| Block WebSQL in third-party contexts | v97 | | Use of the legacy WebSQL feature will be blocked from third-party frames.  An Enterprise policy [WebSQLInThirdPartyContextEnabled](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#websqlinthirdpartycontextenabled) will be available as an opt-out until v101.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5684870116278272). |

> | Send CORS Preflights for Private Network Access | v98 | | Send a CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request before a page from the internet may request resources from a local network (intranet). The intranet server should respond to the preflight with explicit permission to access the resource. This result of this check is not yet enforced. This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688). Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Send CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request for private network access | v98 | | Starting with v98, Microsoft Edge sends a CORS preflight request before a page from the internet is permitted to request resources from a local network (such as an intranet).  The intranet server should respond to the preflight request by providing explicit permission to access the resource.  This result of this check is not yet enforced.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688).  Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |
```

> | Send CORS Preflights for Private Network Access | v98 | | Send a CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request before a page from the internet may request resources from a local network (intranet). The intranet server should respond to the preflight with explicit permission to access the resource. This result of this check is not yet enforced. This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688). Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Send CORS Preflights for Private Network Access | v98 | | Send CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request for private network access | v98 | | Starting with v98, Microsoft Edge sends a CORS preflight request before a page from the internet is permitted to request resources from a local network (such as an intranet).  The intranet server should respond to the preflight request by providing explicit permission to access the resource.  This result of this check is not yet enforced.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688).  Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |
```

> | Send CORS Preflights for Private Network Access | v98 | | Send a CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request before a page from the internet may request resources from a local network (intranet). The intranet server should respond to the preflight with explicit permission to access the resource. This result of this check is not yet enforced. This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based. For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688). Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Send CORS preflight requests for Private Network Access | v98 | | Starting with v98, Microsoft Edge sends a CORS [preflight](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/private-network-access-preflight/) request before a page from the internet is permitted to request resources from a local network (such as an intranet).  The intranet server should respond to the preflight by providing explicit permission to access the resource.  This result of this check is not yet enforced.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see the [Chrome Platform Status entry](https://chromestatus.com/feature/5737414355058688).  Two compatibility policies are available to suppress the CORS preflight request: [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowed](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowed) and [InsecurePrivateNetworkRequestAllowedForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies.md#insecureprivatenetworkrequestsallowedforurls). |
```
